# AI Over view

txt:
My reflection on AI is how it has affected me and my experience in this course.
 
If I were able to keep this short, I would just say it was a double-edged sword
  
but of course, I’m here to elaborate. AI as a tool is very helpful in how it

can add coding in certain aspects. It is especially helpful when it comes to 
   
debugging when it becomes difficult to find where a specific problem is or if

 
you get an error that you don’t understand in your code. AI can tell you the

error and it can even show you exactly where the error is. But the reason I
      
say it is a double-edged sword is how easy it is to become reliant. There 

have actually been studies that have shown even just recently people who 

use AI for a lot of their decisions in a day, actually experience, an overall

decrease in brain function. And this is very true for AI in coding. Because 

if you don’t try to figure certain things out on your own, or at least try to 

understand where you went wrong, you don’t really understand what you’re typing

or how you’re fixing it. This is especially true, when AI can write code for

you, so you start to forget how to type the code and use different kinds of code.

Because if AI writes the code for you, why do you need to know what any of it

actually does? However, an experience I had with this project is that in some cases 

if I try to figure it out on my own, and use AI to help rather than give an answer, 

I could conclude quicker. An example I can give is with my do-over piece of coding. 

I was having some trouble figuring it out and I was trying to use a flag that I was 

unfamiliar with so I wanted to get some help. However, when I prompted it, it was right

on how I could change things to make the code functional, but it would not have been how I wanted.

I actually need to take the code and adjust it to put it at the bottom of the script instead of at

the top, where it wanted to because I knew if I put it at the top, the do over code would run before

the user could answer the question. So it would repeat the question before the question was prompted

basically just doing the question once. And I caught that mistake before the AI did. But I used it to 

help and my knowledge together to actually succeed.    